Extract from https://grabcad.com/terms on 21 April 2021

**GrabCAD® Website Terms of Use**

THESE TERMS AND CONDITIONS (the "**Agreement**") CONSTITUTE A BINDING
AGREEMENT BETWEEN YOU AND STRATASYS, INC. ("**Stratasys**"). IF YOU ARE
ENTERING INTO THIS AGREEMENT ON BEHALF OF AN ENTITY, YOU REPRESENT THAT YOU
HAVE THE RIGHT, AUTHORITY, AND CAPACITY TO BIND SUCH ENTITY TO THIS
AGREEMENT. In any event, references herein to "**you**" or "**your**" means
you or such entity (as the case may be).

By otherwise using any part of the Site (defined below), you acknowledge
these terms and conditions and represent that you has fully read and
understood, and agree to be bound by, the following (the date of such
occurrence being the "**Effective Date**"):

- <span class="number">(a)</span> <span class="content">this Agreement;
  and</span>
- <span class="number">(b)</span> <span class="content"> other supplemental
  terms and policies that this Agreement expressly incorporates by
  reference, and which are thereby made a part of this Agreement.</span>

IF YOU DO NOT AGREE WITH ANY OF THE TERMS OR CONDITIONS OF THIS AGREEMENT,
YOU MUST NOT USE ANY PART OF THE SITE.

The language of this Agreement is hereby expressly agreed to be the English
language. By entering into the Agreement you hereby irrevocably and
unconditionally waive any Law applicable to you requiring that the
Agreement be localized to meet your language or requiring an original
(non-electronic) signature or delivery or retention of non-electronic
records.

**1. DEFINITIONS AND INTERPRETATION**

This Agreement contains a range of capitalized terms, some of which are
defined in this Section, and some of which are defined elsewhere. The
section and sub-section headings in this Agreement are for convenience of
reading only, and shall not be used or relied upon for interpretive
purposes.

"**Content**" means any text, data, images, graphics, sounds, videos, audio
clips, posts, comments, links, and/or software code of or on the Site (such
as, but not limited to, User Submissions, as defined below), but for the
avoidance of doubt does not include the Software (defined below).

"**Documentation**" means any manuals, specifications, and similar
documentation related to the Software, which accompany the Software, or
which otherwise are made available by Stratasys (for example, made
available on the Site), which Documentation may change from time to time.

"**Feature**" means any tool and/or feature of the Site (such as *GrabCAD
Community*), but for the avoidance of doubt does not include the Software.

"**Stratasys Affiliate**" means, with respect to Stratasys, any person,
organization or entity controlling, controlled by or under common control
with, Stratasys. For purposes of this definition only, "control" of another
person, organization or entity will mean the possession, directly or
indirectly, of the power to direct or cause the direction of the
activities, management or policies of such person, organization or entity,
whether through the ownership of voting securities, by contract or
otherwise. Without limiting the foregoing, “control” will be deemed to
exist when a person, organization or entity (a) owns more than fifty
percent (50%) of the outstanding voting stock or other ownership interest
of the other organization or entity, or (b) possesses, directly or
indirectly the power to elect or appoint more than fifty percent (50%) of
the members of the governing body of the other organization or entity.

"**Intellectual Property**" means any and all inventions, discoveries,
improvements, new uses, works of authorship, technical information, data,
technology, know-how, show-how, designs, drawings, utility models,
topography and semiconductor mask works, specifications, formulas, methods,
techniques, processes, databases, computer software and programs (including
object code, source code, and non-literal aspects), algorithms,
architecture, records, documentation, and other similar intellectual
property, in any form and embodied in any media, whether or not protectable
or registrable.

"**Intellectual Property Rights**" means any and all rights, titles, and
interests in and to Intellectual Property, including without limitation
patents, copyright and similar authorship rights, mask work rights, trade
secret and similar confidentiality rights, design rights, industrial
property rights, trademark, trade name, trade dress and similar branding
rights, as well as: (a) all applications, registrations, renewals,
extensions, continuations, continuations-in-part, divisions or reissues of
the foregoing rights; and (b) all goodwill associated with the foregoing
rights.

"**Law**" means any federal, state, foreign, regional or local statute,
regulation, ordinance, or rule of any jurisdiction.

"**Marks**" means trademarks, trade names, logos, design marks, service
marks, service names, trade dress, and/or brand names.

"**Site**" means the website <https://grabcad.com/> together with its
subdomains and webpages, and, for the avoidance of doubt, also includes its
'look-and-feel' and design and arrangement elements.

"**Site Materials**" means, collectively, Content and Features (but does
not include User Submissions).

"**Software**" means the *GrabCAD* software suite made available via the
Site, which includes the *GrabCAD Workbench* and *GrabCAD Print* modules.

**2. MODIFICATION**

Stratasys reserves the right to modify this Agreement at any time by
posting the modified Agreement on the Site. Such modifications will be
effective ten (10) days after such posting, and your continued use of any
part of the Site after such date constitutes your agreement to be bound by
the modified Agreement.

You acknowledge that Stratasys may, at any time and without prior notice,
begin charging for certain Site Materials, and require Customer to create
an account and purchase a term-based subscription license in order to
continue accessing and using said Site Materials.

**3. LICENSE**

Subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, Stratasys grants you
a limited, non-exclusive, non-assignable, non-transferable, and
non-sublicensable license, during the Term (defined below), to access and
display locally the Site for the sole purpose of using the Site and Site
Materials for your own benefit and non-commercial, internal use
(collectively, the "**License**").

For the avoidance of doubt, the Site and Site Materials (and any copies
thereof made available to you) are only licensed under this Agreement, and
no title in or to the Site, the Site Materials, or such copies passes to
you. Except for the License, you are granted no other right in or to the
Site or Site Materials, whether by implied license, estoppel, patent
exhaustion, operation of law, or otherwise.

For the further avoidance of doubt, this Agreement does not grant you any
right whatsoever in or to the Software (such as *GrabCAD Workbench* or
*GrabCAD Print*), access to and use of which is governed by the *GrabCAD
Software Terms of Service and Use* available at
<https://grabcad.com/software_terms>. If you would like to learn more about
uploading and administering project files to your *GrabCAD Workbench*
account, and organizing project groups and collaborative spaces with other
users (which will be private to you and such other users), see
[help.grabcad.com](https://help.grabcad.com/) and our *Security Whitepaper*
at
[https://resources.grabcad.com/security-at-grabcad-whitepaper](https://resources.grabcad.com/security-at-grabcad-whitepaper/).

**4. LICENSE RESTRICTIONS**

Except to the extent expressly permitted otherwise in this Agreement, you
shall not (and shall not permit or encourage any third party to) do any of
the following: (a) copy or reproduce the Site or Site Materials; (b) sell,
assign, lease, lend, rent, issue, sublicense, make available, or otherwise
distribute to any third party, or publicly perform, display or communicate,
the Site or Site Materials (for example, by uploading another user's User
Submission to another website or application), or otherwise use the Site or
Site Materials in a time-sharing, outsourcing, or service bureau
environment; (c) modify, alter, adapt, arrange, translate, decompile,
disassemble, reverse engineer, decrypt, or otherwise attempt to discover
the source code or non-literal aspects of, the Site or Site Materials; (d)
remove, alter, or conceal, in whole or in part, any copyright, trademark,
or other proprietary rights notice or legend displayed or contained on or
in the Site or Site Materials; (e) circumvent, disable or otherwise
interfere with security-related or technical features or protocols of the
Site or Site Materials, such as features that restrict or monitor use
thereof; (f) make a derivative work of the Site or Site Materials, or use
the Site or Site Materials to develop any service or product that is the
same as (or substantially similar to) the Site or Site Materials; (g)
disclose to the public the results of any internal performance testing or
benchmarking studies of or about the Site or Site Materials, without first
sending the results and related study(ies) to Stratasys, and obtaining
Stratasys’ written approval of the assumptions, methodologies and other
parameters of the testing or study; (h) publish or transmit any robot,
malware, Trojan horse, spyware, or similar malicious item intended (or that
has the potential) to damage or disrupt the Site or Site Materials; and/or
(i) use the Site or Site Materials to infringe, misappropriate or violate
any third party's Intellectual Property Rights, moral rights, privacy or
other personal right, or any Law.

The above restrictions are limitations on the License, and your full
compliance with the above is a condition to the License. For the avoidance
of doubt, references in this Section to "Site" and "Site Materials" shall
be taken to mean the Site and Site Materials, respectively, whether in
whole or in part.

You acknowledge that the Site and Site Materials may contain information
and materials that are confidential and proprietary to Stratasys (and may
even constitute Stratasys' or a Stratasys Affiliate's trade secrets), and
therefore you agree that a breach or threatened breach of this Section
(*License Restrictions*) may cause Stratasys to suffer irreparable harm or
damage for which monetary damages will be inadequate, and accordingly, if
Stratasys seeks an injunction, specific performance, or other equitable
relief to enforce any provision under this Section, Stratasys shall not be
required to post a bond or to prove the likelihood of irreparable harm.

**5. FEEDBACK**

You have no obligation to provide Stratasys with any feedback, ideas or
suggestions concerning the Site or Site Materials (collectively,
"**Feedback**"). Nevertheless, to the extent you provide any Feedback, you
hereby grant Stratasys and all Stratasys Affiliates a worldwide,
non-exclusive, royalty-free, fully-paid, perpetual, irrevocable,
sublicensable (through multiple tiers of sublicensees), assignable, and
transferable license to use, copy, reproduce, distribute, modify, alter,
adapt, arrange, translate, create derivative works of, publicly display,
perform and communicate, and otherwise commercially exploit such Feedback,
for any purpose whatsoever (the "**Feedback License**"). You hereby
represent and warrant that: (a) Feedback will not infringe, misappropriate
or violate any third party's Intellectual Property Rights, moral rights,
privacy or other personal right, or any Law; and (b) you have, and will
maintain during and after any termination of this Agreement, all licenses,
consents, permissions and approvals required to grant the Feedback License.
The Feedback License shall survive any termination of this Agreement.
Feedback will not be deemed (or treated as) confidential or sensitive to
you.

For the avoidance of doubt, Feedback does not include User Submissions
(which are subject to Section 6 below).

**6. USER SUBMISSIONS**

If and when you submit, post, upload or otherwise make available Content
(such as CAD files) on or through the Site for public viewing ("User
Submissions") you hereby grant:

- <span class="number">6.1.</span> <span class="content">Stratasys and all
  Stratasys Affiliates a worldwide, non-exclusive, royalty-free,
  fully-paid, perpetual, irrevocable, sublicensable (through multiple tiers
  of sublicensees), assignable, and transferable license to use, reproduce,
  copy, modify, adapt, arrange, translate, create derivative works of, and
  publicly display, perform and communicate such User Submissions, for the
  sole purpose of making available, improving, and/or promoting the Site
  and/or Site Materials (the "**User Submission License**"); and</span>
- <span class="number">6.2.</span> <span class="content"> each user of the
  Site a worldwide, non-exclusive, royalty-free, fully-paid, perpetual,
  irrevocable, non-sublicensable, non-assignable, and non-transferable
  license to use, reproduce, copy, modify, adapt, arrange, translate, and
  create derivative works of such User Submissions for such user's own
  benefit and non-commercial, internal use (the "**Cross
  License**").</span>

You hereby represent and warrant that: (a) your User Submissions will not
infringe, misappropriate or violate any third party's Intellectual Property
Rights, moral rights, privacy or other personal right, or any Law; and (b)
you have, and will maintain during and after any termination of this
Agreement, all licenses, consents, permissions and approvals required to
grant the User Submission License and the Cross License. Furthermore, you
hereby irrevocably and unconditionally waive (and will caused to be
waived), and covenant never (whether during or after the Term) to assert
against Stratasys, Stratasys Affiliates, and/or any user of the Site, any
moral, privacy or other personal right in or to your User Submissions. The
User Submission License and the Cross License shall survive any termination
of this Agreement. User Submissions made publicly available will not be
deemed (or treated as) confidential or sensitive to you.

You are solely responsible and liable for your User Submissions. Stratasys
has no obligation to accept, display, review, or maintain any of your User
Submissions, or enforce the Cross License or any of your Intellectual
Property Rights in and to User Submissions. Stratasys may, for any reason
and at any time, and without notice to you, edit, replace and/or delete
your User Submissions, such as, but not limited to, if Stratasys: (a)
determines that you are in breach of any provision of this Agreement or
have violated (or are suspected by Stratasys of violating) any applicable
Law; and/or (b) deems it helpful or reasonably necessary to comply with any
applicable Law, legal process, or governmental request, to enforce this
Agreement (including investigations of potential breaches thereof), detect,
prevent, or otherwise address fraud or security issues, or protect against
harm to the rights, property or safety of Stratasys, its users, yourself or
the public.

It is Stratasys' policy to respect the legitimate rights of copyright
owners, and Stratasys will respond to clear notices of alleged copyright
infringement in accordance with its then-current
[Intellectual Property Policy](https://grabcad.com/ip_policy).

**7. THIRD PARTY CONTENT AND WEBSITES**

The Site may enable you to view, access, link to, and use third party
properties and Content, which are not owned or controlled by Stratasys,
such as other users' User Submissions ("**Third Party Materials**"), and
your interaction with Third Party Materials may be subject to third party
terms and policies, which are is your responsibility to review. Your
interaction with and reliance on any Third Party Materials is at your sole
discretion and risk.

**8. FEATURES**

Stratasys reserves the right to remove, modify, and/or add Features at any
time, without any notice to you, and for any reason whatsoever. Some
Features may in any event be limited, suspended or restricted by geography,
volume, duration or any other criteria determined by Stratasys. Moreover,
if Stratasys determines that you are in breach of any provision of this
Agreement, Stratasys reserves the right to block you from certain Features.
A new or modified Feature may be accompanied by separate or additional
licensing terms, in which case such terms will apply instead of, or in
addition to, this Agreement (as set forth in such licensing terms).

**9. PRIVACY**

You hereby acknowledge that, in accordance with Stratasys' then-current
privacy policy available at <https://grabcad.com/privacy_policy>
("**Privacy Policy**"), which is hereby incorporated into this Agreement,
Stratasys may collect, obtain, store and use information about your use of
the Site.

**10. TERM**

This Agreement commences on the Effective Date and will remain in full
force and effect until terminated by either party in accordance herewith
(the "**Term**").

**11. TERMINATION**

Stratasys reserves the right to immediately terminate this Agreement, or
otherwise modify, suspend or discontinue your access to and use of the Site
(or any part thereof), for any reason whatsoever, at any time, and without
notice to you, and you agree that Stratasys will have no liability or
obligation to you for any such termination, modification, suspension, or
discontinuance. Your sole remedy in the event you object to any provision
of this Agreement or become dissatisfied with the Site or Site Material, is
to terminate this Agreement by ceasing to access and use the Site and Site
Materials.

**12. CONSEQUENCES OF TERMINATION; SURVIVAL**

Upon termination of this Agreement: (a) the License will automatically
terminate; and (b) you shall immediately cease all access to and use of the
Site and Site Materials. Termination of this Agreement shall not affect any
right or liability accrued by either party as of the effective date of
termination. Any provision in this Agreement that is stated to survive
termination, shall survive, as will Sections 12 *(Consequences of
Termination; Survival) through 18 (*General*) inclusive*.

**13. OWNERSHIP**

You hereby acknowledge that the Site and Site Materials are or may be
protected by Laws, treaties, and conventions governing Intellectual
Property. Any rights not expressly granted herein are hereby reserved by
Stratasys and its licensors and suppliers. Except for your User
Submissions, Stratasys and/or its licensors and suppliers are the sole and
exclusive owners of all Intellectual Property Rights in and to the Site and
Site Materials. Marks displayed on the Site (such as, but not limited to,
*GrabCAD*, *GrabCAD Community*, *GrabCAD Workbench*, and *GrabCAD Print*)
are the Intellectual Property Rights of Stratasys and/or its licensors and
suppliers. For the avoidance of doubt, and except for the User Submission
License and Cross License, you retain ownership of all Intellectual
Property Rights in and to your User Submissions.

**14. DISCLAIMER OF WARRANTIES**

THE SITE AND SITE MATERIALS (WHICH, FOR THE AVOIDANCE OF DOUBT, MAY INCLUDE
USER SUBMISSIONS AND THIRD PARTY MATERIALS), AS WELL AS ANY OTHER ITEMS
PROVIDED OR MADE AVAILABLE BY STRATASYS, ARE PROVIDED AND MADE AVAILABLE TO
YOU ON AN "AS IS" AND "AS AVAILABLE" BASIS AND WITH ALL FAULTS, WITHOUT ANY
REPRESENTATION, WARRANTY, GUARANTEE OR CONDITION OF ANY KIND WHATSOEVER,
WHETHER EXPRESS, IMPLIED OR STATUTORY, INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION ANY
IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE,
QUALITY OF SERVICE, NON-INFRINGEMENT, REGARDING LATENT DEFECTS, OR THAT
OTHERWISE ARISE FROM A COURSE OF PERFORMANCE OR DEALING, OR USAGE OF TRADE,
ALL OF WHICH ARE HEREBY DISCLAIMED BY STRATASYS AND ITS LICENSORS AND
SUPPLIERS.

IN ADDITION, NEITHER STRATASYS NOR ITS LICENSOR OR SUPPLIERS MAKE ANY
REPRESENTATION, WARRANTY, GUARANTEE OR CONDITION:

- <span class="number">14.1.</span> <span class="content">REGARDING THE
  CONTENT, EFFECTIVENESS, USEFULNESS, RELIABILITY, AVAILABILITY,
  TIMELINESS, ACCURACY, OR COMPLETENESS OF THE SITE, SITE MATERIALS, AND
  SAID OTHER ITEMS; OR</span>
- <span class="number">14.2.</span> <span class="content">THAT YOUR USE OF
  THE SITE, SITE MATERIALS, OR SAID OTHER ITEMS WILL MEET YOUR REQUIRMENTS
  OR EXPECTATIONS, OR WILL BE INTERRUPTED, SECURE OR ERROR-FREE.</span>

Some jurisdictions may not allow the disclaimer of certain implied
warranties or conditions, and to the extent applicable to you, Stratasys
limits the duration of such warranties and conditions to the duration of
ninety (90) days from the Effective Date.

YOU ACKNOWLEDGE AND AGREE THAT THIS SECTION (*DISCLAIMER OF WARRANTIES*) IS
AN ESSENTIAL BASIS OF THE BARGAIN BETWEEN YOU AND STRATASYS.

**15. INDEMNIFICATION**

In the event of any third party demand, claim, suit, action and/or
proceeding against Stratasys, a Stratasys Affiliate, and/or any of the
foregoing entities' respective directors, officers, employees, agents,
representatives, customers, suppliers, or licensors (each, an
"**Indemnitee**"), and it is based upon or arises from your:

- 15.1. use of the Site or Site Materials (or part thereof);
- 15.2. breach of any provision of this Agreement; and/or
- 15.3. violation of any Law applicable to you

(each of the foregoing, a "**Claim**") then, upon written request by
Stratasys (to be decided in its sole discretion), you agree to assume full
control of the defense and settlement of the Claim; *provided*, *however*,
that (A) Stratasys reserves the right, at any time thereafter, to take over
full or partial control of the defense and/or settlement of the Claim; and
(B) you shall not settle any Claim, or admit to any liability thereunder,
without the prior express written consent of Stratasys.

In addition, and regardless of whether (or the extent to which) you
participated in the defense and/or settlement of a Claim, you agree to
indemnify and hold harmless the Indemnitee for and against: (i) any costs
and expenses (including without limitation reasonable attorneys' fees)
incurred by the Indemnitee in the defense of such Claim; and (ii) any
amounts awarded against, or imposed upon, the Indemnitee under such Claim,
or otherwise paid in settlement of the Claim (including without limitation
damages, losses, liabilities, and fines).

**16. LIMITATION OF LIABILITY**

- <span class="number">16.1.</span> <span class="content">IN NO EVENT WILL
  STRATASYS OR ANY STRATASYS AFFILIATE BE LIABLE UNDER, OR OTHERWISE IN
  CONNECTION WITH THIS AGREEMENT, FOR:\
  </span>
  - (A) ANY CONSEQUENTIAL, INDIRECT, SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL, OR PUNITIVE
    DAMAGES;
  - (B) ANY LOSS OF PROFITS, LOSS OF BUSINESS, LOSS OF REVENUE, OR LOSS OF
    ANTICIPATED SAVINGS;
  - (C) ANY LOSS OF, OR DAMAGE TO, DATA, REPUTATION, OR GOODWILL; AND/OR
  - (D) THE COST OF PROCURING ANY SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES.
- <span class="number">16.2.</span> <span class="content">THE COMBINED
  AGGREGATE LIABILITY OF STRATASYS AND ALL STRATASYS AFFILIATES UNDER, OR
  OTHERWISE IN CONNECTION WITH, THIS AGREEMENT SHALL NOT EXCEED **TEN U.S.
  DOLLARS** (US$ 10).</span>
- <span class="number">16.3.</span> <span class="content">THE FOREGOING
  EXCLUSIONS AND LIMITATIONS SHALL APPLY: (A) EVEN IF STRATASYS OR A
  STRATASYS AFFILIATE HAS BEEN ADVISED, OR SHOULD HAVE BEEN AWARE, OF THE
  POSSIBILITY OF LOSSES, DAMAGES, OR COSTS; (B) EVEN IF ANY REMEDY IN THIS
  AGREEMENT FAILS OF ITS ESSENTIAL PURPOSE; AND (C) REGARDLESS OF THE
  THEORY OR BASIS OF LIABILITY (INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION BREACH OF
  CONTRACT, TORT, NEGLIGENCE AND STRICT LIABILITY).</span>
- <span class="number">16.4.</span> <span class="content">Some
  jurisdictions may not allow the exclusion or limitation of incidental or
  consequential damages, or of other damages, and to the extent applicable
  to you, such exclusions and limitations shall not apply.</span>
- <span class="number">16.5.</span> <span class="content">YOU ACKNOWLEDGE
  AND AGREE THAT THIS SECTION (*LIMITATION OF LIABILITY*) IS AN ESSENTIAL
  BASIS OF THE BARGAIN BETWEEN YOU AND STRATASYS. YOU FURTHER ACKNOWLEDGE
  AND AGREE THAT ANY CAUSE OF ACTION THAT YOU MAY HAVE UNDER, OR OTHERWISE
  IN CONNECTION WITH, THIS AGREEMENT MUST COMMENCE WITHIN THIRTY (30) DAYS
  OF YOU BECOMING AWARE (OR THE DATE ON WHICH YOU SHOULD REASONABLY HAVE
  BECOME AWARE) OF THE CAUSE OF ACTION. OTHERWISE, YOU AGREE THAT SUCH
  CAUSE OF ACTION SHALL BE DEEMED PERMANENTLY BARRED.</span>

**17. GOVERNING LAW AND JURISDICTION**

This Agreement shall be governed by, and construed in accordance with, the
laws of the State of New York, USA without regard to any conflicts of laws
rules or principles. The United Nations Convention on Contracts for the
International Sale of Goods shall not apply to this Agreement and is hereby
disclaimed. Any claim, dispute or controversy under, or otherwise in
connection with, this Agreement shall be subject to the exclusive
jurisdiction and venue of the courts located in New York County, New York,
and you hereby irrevocably and unconditionally submit to the personal
jurisdiction of such courts and waive any jurisdictional, improper venue,
inconvenient forum, or other objections to such jurisdiction and venue.
Furthermore, you:

- **<span class="number">17.1.</span> <span class="content">agree that any
  proceedings to resolve or litigate any claim, dispute or controversy will
  be conducted solely on an individual basis (and not in any class action
  or class-wide proceeding), and that you may initiate such proceedings
  only on its own behalf;</span>**
- **<span class="number">17.2.</span> <span class="content">hereby
  irrevocably and unconditionally waive the right to litigate such claims,
  disputes, or controversies in court before a jury; and</span>**
- **<span class="number">17.3.</span> <span class="content">agree not to
  participate in claims, disputes, or controversies brought in an attorney
  general or representative capacity, or in consolidated claims, disputes,
  or controversies involving another person's access to or use of the
  Site.</span>**

Notwithstanding anything in this Agreement to the contrary, Stratasys may
seek injunctive relief, specific performance, and/or other equitable relief
in any court worldwide that has competent jurisdiction.

**18. GENERAL**

- <span class="number">18.1.</span>
  <span class="content"><span class="underline">Entire Agreement.</span>
  This Agreement represents the entire agreement of the parties with
  respect to the subject matter hereof, and supersedes and replaces any and
  all prior and contemporaneous oral or written understandings and
  statements by the parties with respect to such subject matter.</span>
- <span class="number">18.2.</span>
  <span class="content"><span class="underline">Assignment.</span>
  Stratasys may assign this Agreement (or any of its rights and obligations
  hereunder) without your consent and without notice. This Agreement is
  personal to you, and you shall not assign this Agreement (or any of its
  obligations or rights hereunder) without Stratasys' prior express written
  consent in a duly signed writing. Any prohibited assignment shall be null
  and void.</span>
- <span class="number">18.3.</span>
  <span class="content"><span class="underline">Severability.</span> If any
  provision of this Agreement is held by a court of competent jurisdiction
  to be invalid, illegal, or unenforceable, then: (a) the remaining
  provisions of this Agreement shall remain in full force and effect; and
  (b) such affected provision shall be ineffective solely as to such
  jurisdiction (and only to the extent and for the duration of such
  invalidity, illegality, or unenforceability), and shall be substituted
  (in respect of such jurisdiction) with a valid, legal, and enforceable
  provision that most closely approximates the original legal intent and
  economic impact of such provision.</span>
- <span class="number">18.4.</span>
  <span class="content"><span class="underline">Remedies.</span> Except as
  stated otherwise in this Agreement, no right or remedy conferred upon or
  reserved by any party under this Agreement is intended to be, or shall be
  deemed, exclusive of any other right or remedy under this Agreement, at
  law or in equity, but shall be cumulative of such other rights and
  remedies.</span>
- <span class="number">18.5.</span>
  <span class="content"><span class="underline">Waiver.</span> No failure
  or delay on the part of any party hereto in exercising any right or
  remedy under this Agreement shall operate as a waiver thereof, nor shall
  any single or partial exercise of any such right or remedy preclude any
  other or further exercise thereof or the exercise of any other right or
  remedy. Any waiver granted hereunder must be in writing (for waivers by
  you, emails will be acceptable; for waivers by Stratasys, the writing
  must be duly signed by Stratasys), and shall be valid only in the
  specific instance in which given.</span>
- <span class="number">18.6.</span>
  <span class="content"><span class="underline">Relationship.</span> The
  relationship of the parties is solely that of independent contractors.
  Nothing in this Agreement shall be deemed to create any employment,
  fiduciary, joint venture, agency or other relationship between the
  parties.</span>
- <span class="number">18.7.</span>
  <span class="content"><span class="underline">Notices.</span> You agree
  that Stratasys may send you notices by email, by regular mail, and/or via
  postings on the Site. Except as stated otherwise in this Agreement or
  required by Law applicable to you, you agrees to send all notices to
  Stratasys, to support@grabcad.com.</span>
- <span class="number">18.8.</span>
  <span class="content"><span class="underline">No Third Party
  Beneficiaries.</span> Except as otherwise expressly provided in this
  Agreement (for example, Stratasys Affiliates and Indemnitees), there
  shall be no third-party beneficiaries to this Agreement. You further
  acknowledge and agree that some of Stratasys' suppliers and/or licensors
  may, in their agreements with Stratasys, be entitled to enforce certain
  rights and usage restrictions against users of the Site and Site
  Materials, and, to that extent, such suppliers and licensors shall have
  the right to enforce such rights and restrictions directly against
  you.</span>
- <span class="number">18.9.</span>
  <span class="content"><span class="underline">Legal Compliance.</span>
  You agree to use the Site and the Site Materials in compliance with all
  Laws applicable to you. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing
  sentence, you must not use or otherwise export or re-export any Site or
  Site Materials except as authorized by Export Control Laws. "**Export
  Control Laws**" means all export and re-export control Laws applicable to
  you, as well as the United States' Export Administration Regulations
  (EAR) maintained by the US Department of Commerce, trade and economic
  sanctions maintained by the US Treasury Department's Office of Foreign
  Assets Control, and the International Traffic in Arms Regulations (ITAR)
  maintained by the US Department of State.</span>
- <span class="number">18.10.</span>
  <span class="content"><span class="underline">Force Majeure.</span>
  Stratasys shall not be responsible for any failure to perform any
  obligation or provide any service hereunder because of any (a) act of
  God, (b) war, riot or civil commotion, (c) governmental acts or
  directives, strikes, work stoppage, or equipment or facilities shortages,
  and/or (d) other similar cause beyond Stratasys' reasonable control. For
  the avoidance of doubt, any problems relating to the hosting of the Site
  or Site Materials shall not be deemed within Stratasys' reasonable
  control.</span>

**Last updated: June 28, 2016**
